Remove Automated translations from 6.0 (#3369)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/release_notes/cohesivo_v6.0_deprecations.md

## Removed packages

- The `ibexa/app-switcher` package, and its `IbexaAppSwitcherBundle`, is no longer part of the 6.0.
- The `ibexa/automated-translation` package is no longer available as an opt-in. Use [Translations management](configure_translations_management.md) instead.

## PHP API changes

### ibexa/automated-translations

| Deprecated since | Entity                                                                   | Change                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| --- |---------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | N/A | `\Ibexa\Contracts\AutomatedTranslation`  | The `ibexa/automated-translation` package is replaced by `ibexa/translations-management`. For Translations management API, see [`Ibexa\Contracts\TranslationsManagement`](/api/php_api/php_api_reference/namespaces/ibexa-contracts-translationsmanagement.html). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| v5.0.10 | `\Ibexa\Contracts\AutomatedTranslation`  | The `ibexa/automated-translation` package is replaced by `ibexa/translations-management`. For Translations management API, see [`Ibexa\Contracts\TranslationsManagement`](/api/php_api/php_api_reference/namespaces/ibexa-contracts-translationsmanagement.html). |
```
I'd say we deprecated it with the release that included the replacement - Translations Management
